fix typo in faq (#5158)
nextauthjs/next-auth: docs/docs/faq.md

**Same root domain, different subdomains**: If you use NextAuth.js on a website with a different subdomain than the rest of your website (e.g. `auth.example.com` vs. `www.example.com`) you will need to set a custom cookie domain policy for the Session Token cookie. (See also: [Cookies](/configuration/options#cookies)).

:::warning

> Changing the default cookies domain policy is advanced and can lead to security issues if not done correctly. Make sure you're aware of the security implication before proceeding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changing the default cookies domain policy can lead to security issues if done incorrectly. Make sure you're aware of the implications before proceeding.
```
